Update risk-assessment-tools-in-the-world-of-ai-the-social-sciences-a… (#365)
h2oai/tutorials: Driverless AI/risk-assessment-tools-in-the-world-of-ai-the-social-sciences-and-humanities/risk-assessment-tools-in-the-world-of-ai-the-social-sciences-and-humanities.md

As of now, artificial intelligence is being integrated into our daily lives and at different levels of our society. For many, artificial intelligence is the key to a more prosperous future and better customer experience. For others, artificial intelligence could be a source of wrongness if not understood completely. In recent years, many reputable news sources have pointed out that artificial intelligence has become the reason for many discriminatory actions. In particular, ProPublica, a nonprofit newsroom, concluded in 2016 that automated criminal risk assessment algorithms hold racial inequality. Throughout the United States, an array of distinct automated criminal risk assessment algorithms have been built. Sadly, as often happens with risk assessment tools, many are adopted without rigorous testing on whether it works. In particular, most don't evaluate existing racial disparities and parity in the ML(Machine Learning) model. That is why, after constructing a criminal risk assessment model, we need to check that the model is fair and that it does not hold any discrimination. Such a post-analysis can prevent the ML model from committing unwanted discriminatory actions.

> With the above in mind, in this self-paced course, and with the help of Driverless AI, we will build a criminal risk assessment model, but in this case, rather than predicting someone's risk level, we will predict whether someone will be arrested within two years since a given arrest. Right after, we will analyze the ML model, and we will check for fairness, disparity, and parity. To debug and diagnose unwanted bias in our prediction system model, we will conduct a global versus local analysis in which global and local model behavior are compared. We will also conduct a disparate impact analysis to answer the following two questions: *what biases exist in my model? And what levels of disparity exist between population groups?* Immediately later, we will have an interdisciplinary conversation around risk assessment tools in the world of AI, social sciences, and humanities. Singularly, we will discuss several societal issues that can arise if we implement our AI recidivism prediction system or someone else's risk assessment tool. In hopes of finding a solution to the issues that can arise, we will explore how the social sciences and humanities can solve these societal issues. Simultaneously, we will discuss the reciprocal impact that should exist between AI, the social sciences, and humanities (such as in philosophy) and how that reciprocal impact can lead to a more acceptable and fair integration of AI into our daily lives and the judicial system. 

Reviewer: Some of this is a little bulky, so here's a possible way to break it up:
```suggestion
With the above in mind, in this self-paced course, and with the help of Driverless AI, we will build a criminal risk assessment model. In this case, rather than predicting someone's risk level, we will predict whether someone will be arrested again within two years of a given arrest. Then, we will analyze the ML model and check for fairness, disparity, and parity. To debug and diagnose unwanted bias in our prediction system model, we will conduct a global versus local analysis in which global and local model behaviors are compared. We will also conduct a disparate impact analysis to answer the following two questions: 

1. What biases exist in my model? 
2. What levels of disparity exist between population groups? 

Afterwards, we will have an interdisciplinary conversation around risk assessment tools in the world of AI, social sciences, and humanities. In particular, we will discuss several societal issues that can arise if we implement our AI recidivism prediction system or someone else's risk assessment tool. In hopes of finding a solution to the issues that can arise, we will explore how social sciences and humanities can solve these societal issues. Simultaneously, we will discuss the reciprocal impact that should exist between AI, social sciences, and humanities (such as in philosophy) with a focus on how that reciprocal impact can lead to a more acceptable and fair integration of AI into our daily lives and the judicial system. 
```
